- [Instructor] Management at H+ Sport Beverage
has request that we go forward with deploying
of our application to the Apache Tomcat server.
We know this will be the first
in a series of deployments where we'll later add
to our app, Java EE, and database calls.
There are two ways you can deploy WAR files.
We're going to first consider how to use Tomcat manager app.
Now by default, Apache Tomcat comes pre-installed
with a manager application.
As you remember, the manager app dashboard console
shows you all the web applications deployed
and then below this, you have a section
with different text fields for deploying WAR files.
We'll skip this one and go on down to a second one,
where it says WAR file to deploy.
Now before we can deploy our WAR file,
we need to make sure that our practice files,
under 01_04_begin are compiled.
Using a terminal window, we'll navigate to this location,
and we'll run the command gradle clean build.
Back in our browser, we're going to navigate to Choose File.
We'll select the practice file.
And we'll deploy it.
Now on the screen, it should show a file
like what you see here.
From there, you can lick on the path name,
and this will take you to the application.
Okay, so the second way of deploying an app
is navigating back to the web apps.
But before we do that, we're going to
stop this application and undeploy it,
going to navigate to our command line.
And since we're already in the directory
where we've built, we're going to copy from the build,
libs, hplus-0.0.10-SNAPSHOT.war.
And we're going to copy this to
our Apache Tomcat web apps folder.
This is the second way of deploying an application,
by copying it directly to the web apps folder.
Now if we go back again to our web console,
we click List Applications,
we'll notice that the hplus WAR app is now deployed again.
And there you go.